README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/smartsight/smartsight-art/raw/master/logo/variants/api/logo.png" alt="SmartSight API">
</h1>

> API for the SmartSight app

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/smartsight/smartsight-api.svg?branch=dev)](https://travis-ci.org/smartsight/smartsight-api)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GNU-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
[![js-standard-style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/feross/standard)

SmartSight is an [Android app](https://github.com/smartsight/smartsight-android) powered by a [deep learning engine](https://github.com/smartsight/smartsight-engine) that provides information about any object scanned by the device’s camera.

## Documentation

Please refer to our [📚 Wiki documentation](https://github.com/smartsight/smartsight-api/wiki).

## Getting started

* Clone the repo and its submodule: `git clone --recursive https://github.com/smartsight/smartsight-api.git`
* [Install Python 3](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
* Install Python requirements: `pip install -r engine/requirements.txt`
* Set your Python 3 path to run the classification script with the correct interpreter: `export PYTHONPATH=$(which python3)`
* Install Node dependencies: `npm install`
* Run the server: `npm start`
* Listening on: `http://0.0.0.0:3000`

## Development setup

### Environment

| Variable         | Default   | Description                      |
|------------------|-----------|----------------------------------|
| `SM_SERVER_HOST` | "0.0.0.0" | Address of the server            |
| `SM_SERVER_PORT` | 3000      | Port of the server               |
| `PYTHONPATH`     | ""        | Path to the Python 3 interpreter |

### Commands

* Watch: `npm run dev`
* Lint: `npm run lint`
* Fix lint: `npm run lint:fix`
* Test: `npm test`

## License

GPL © SmartSight

Commit message:

Simplify the server's logic
The Python script doesn't print the downloading messages anymore.
We now check on the server if the classification model directory exists beforehand.
If it doesn't, we log the information while the
classification processes.
We therefore have to call the classification
script only once.
The model directory is now customizable with the `SM_MODEL_DIR`
enrivonment variable.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">
  <img src="https://github.com/smartsight/smartsight-art/raw/master/logo/variants/api/logo.png" alt="SmartSight API">
</h1>

> API for the SmartSight app

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/smartsight/smartsight-api.svg?branch=dev)](https://travis-ci.org/smartsight/smartsight-api)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-GNU-blue.svg)](LICENSE)
[![js-standard-style](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-standard-brightgreen.svg)](https://github.com/feross/standard)

SmartSight is an [Android app](https://github.com/smartsight/smartsight-android) powered by a [deep learning engine](https://github.com/smartsight/smartsight-engine) that provides information about any object scanned by the device’s camera.

## Documentation

Please refer to our [📚 Wiki documentation](https://github.com/smartsight/smartsight-api/wiki).

## Getting started

* Clone the repo and its submodule: `git clone --recursive https://github.com/smartsight/smartsight-api.git`
* [Install Python 3](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
* Install Python requirements: `pip install -r engine/requirements.txt`
* Set your Python 3 path to run the classification script with the correct interpreter: `export PYTHONPATH=$(which python3)`
* Install Node dependencies: `npm install`
* Run the server: `npm start`
* Listening on: `http://0.0.0.0:3000`

## Development setup

### Environment

| Variable         | Default           | Description                                 |
|------------------|-------------------|---------------------------------------------|
| `SM_SERVER_HOST` | "0.0.0.0"         | Address of the server                       |
| `SM_SERVER_PORT` | 3000              | Port of the server                          |
| `SM_MODEL_DIR`   | "/tmp/smartsight" | Directory to store the classification graph |
| `PYTHONPATH`     | ""                | Path to the Python 3 interpreter            |

### Commands

* Watch: `npm run dev`
* Lint: `npm run lint`
* Fix lint: `npm run lint:fix`
* Test: `npm test`

## License

GPL © SmartSight
